Inheritance - process of inherit base class or super class propertie to child class 
Extend reserved keyword - helps to inherit base classs to child class
Child class - it will have some propertie of base class and it will have some own additianal propertie.
Super reserved keyword - 1. helps to call the parent class constructor 
                         2. helps to access parent class attributes (you can do with this keyword but what if your super class and child class attributes with same variable name so use the 
                            super keyword)







inheritance - we can inherit class bottom to top and we can not connect last class with another class (do it)

type of inheritance 

1. single inheritance 
one class extend another class
2. multi level inheritance 
box, box-weight and box-price - first extend class is a subclass of the box and the child is can be a super class of the box-price. (you can access bottom to top can not access this first super 
class from first class) when you inherit you can access all the class attribute above class
3. Multiple inheritance
one class extend more than one super class - can not do that why becouse what if both parent class exist with one same attributes. - not supported (we can do that using interface)
4. Hirachical inheritance 
one class act as super class for two or more class (can access class attribute 2 from 3 no you can not only allowed to access the corresponding base class)
5. Hybrid inheritance (take a look)

So it calls the overridden version from the Paypal class instead of the one in Payment.
Compile time: Java checks that the method exists in the declared type.
Runtime: Java decides which implementation to run based on the real object in memory.

Important - 
     1. When you want to access super class attributes you can also use this keywork but what is you have attributes same as super class in the sub class. (so use the super keyword to access)
     2. why we do not call super class function under the sub class in the constructor. why becouse, to initialize subclass it should know what are the super class attributes contain.       
     3. OOP 45.01 - watch kunal oop video (how upcasting work when we pass as object)
